[bitnami/external-dns] Update CRDs api version (#6294)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/external-dns/README.md

## Upgrading

### To 5.0.0

> The CRD API version has changed. If you deployed the Helm Chart using `crd.create=true` you need to manually delete the old CRD before upgrading the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CRD were updated according to the latest changes in the upstream project. As a consequence, the CRD API version was moved from `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1` to `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1`.

If you deployed the Helm Chart using `crd.create=true` you need to manually delete the old CRD before upgrading the release as shown below:
```
